Update buttons.md (#38169)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.3/components/buttons.md

<button type="button" class="btn">Base class</button>
{{< /example >}}

The `.btn` class is intended to be used in conjunction with our button variants, or to serve as a basis for your own custom styles.

{{< callout warning >}}
If you are using the `.btn` class on its own, remember to at least define some explicit `:focus` and/or `:focus-visible` styles.
{{< /callout >}}

## Variants

> Bootstrap includes several predefined button styles, each serving its own semantic purpose, with a few extras thrown in for more control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bootstrap includes several button variants, each serving its own semantic purpose, with a few extras thrown in for more control.
```
